httptxt.do16am6 

Everybody
Good evening Mio~
I'm Ookami Mio.
Thank you all for coming to my new outfit reveal today!
So
Let's start!
Evening Mio~
I'm Ookami Mio~
Happy New Year!
Yesterday
Evening Mio, Happy New Year, please guide me through the new year.
Yesterday, there was a year-crossing stream
Thank you for those who watched it.
Thank you.. wait super chat, wait
Thanks for the SC, Tiger... Tiger
Note: Tiger is Mio's cat
Wait... wait
You are in my way.
Right, okay, thanks!
[Happy New Year.] Happy New Year! Look forward to being with you in the new year.
Thank you for all these Super Chats!
[Happy New Year!] Thank you! Happy New Year!
It's lucky money
I received lucky money from you guys so early in the new year.
So, let's return to the topic of the new outfit
Um, I watched every one of the other girls' reveal streams
Finished watching them while thinking [Wow! Everyone is so cute!]
Wait a moment.
Tiger
Tiger is really in my way.
wait
I'll get him to the corridor.
Yo
Just wait in the corridor for now okay?
It hurts! Ouch! Don't bite me! Ouch! Don't bite me!
Okay!
The cat.
I got the cat out of my room.
That was a lot of effort. Cat..
Now is not the time for [Let me have a bite.]
Fubuki..
She replied my text just now.
Um OK!
This is it!
Feel like it has been a lot time, since...the new (outfit)....afterwards.
Since the last outfit, no, I meant the default clothes.
I keep wearing this outfit because I really like it.
Ah thanks, thank you for the SC, will do my best!
In this year,
I want to try my best.
Will try my best while not overworking myself.
I'll work hard to achieve my goals.
Okay.
That's it
Speaking of the new outfit,
I watched the others' streams, and I felt that
I should show the new outfit sooner rather than later..
Ah, thanks for the lucky money, thank you everyone!
Please guide me this year too!
I mean, I watched the others' streams.
Um, my new year's outfit.
My Papa (Illustrator) worked really hard on the design.
It seems that many of the accessories are removable.
So if I don't get started soon, 30 minutes may not be enough.
Ah Happy New Year! Thank you for the membership!
So, I think, I'll be chatting along the way, but for now
I think I'll get my dress changed now.
Actually, speaking of today,
Actually Okayu is in my house right now.
Okayu stayed overnight at my place,
and today, Okayu, Fubuki, Subaru and me.
Will do a IRL collab,
They said they want to eat Zoni together.
Note: Zoni is a Japanese soup containing rice cakes, often eaten during the New Year
Said they want to have some fun offline.
Okayu, she said,
[Mio-chan, please use these pictures for when you get changed.]
[I made them invisible for now.] She said.
And these pictures.
You can't see them now but they will pop up if I click the button.
So I can get changed behind the pictures.
That's the plan.
That's the plan.
I want to press the outfit-change button, but there are two of them, is this okay?
So, I'm ready to press the button, although I have a bad feeling.
It seems, after I set up the stream settings.
After I made the stream background.
I went to wash the rice, so I can start cooking
After I came back, I saw Okayu siting in front of my computer and doing stuff.
Ah thanks for the membership.
Then she said, "It's all ready to go." Something like that.
So, it's time, I'll show them now.
What are those??
Are they not blocking the chat?
You can only see the last part of chat in this way.
Ah membership thank you.
I have bodyguards now.
At least let me see the chat! At least.
This guy is annoying.
So, I'll hide behind this guy and get changed.
I mean, is this really okay? No changing-room or anything.
Do I have to get changed behind this werewolf?
It feels weird, anyway, whatever. So
Feel like I'm being eaten, this
About to be eaten, wait... I'll get changed.
This is it.
I'm ready, first let's get Mr. Wolf to spit me out.
Are you guys ready?
Although I was swallowed.
Don't worry, I'm still alive.
So, prepare to get Mr. Wolf to spit me out.
Here it comes!
This is it!
The wolf can leave for now.
What do you think?
Although I showed up like that.
So, this is, designed by Papa.. Cute? Thank you.
This is my new outfit, designed by papa, yeah!!!
Ah, Roboco senpai! Thank you! Yesterday Roboco senpai
hugged me from behind so many times, she was super cute.
This is nice right? Hairstyle is changed too.
Put my bang to the side.
Also put on this hairband.
Thank you! Thank you very much for the super chat!
So, like this
My hair has become this side ponytail.
Got this high ponytail.
Also,
This is one of the great details.. Papa really designed some great details.
First of papa's elegant design details.
He added those really fitting paw marks on my clothes.
Check it out guys.
Wait, let's do a close-up, zoom in a bit.
Please check it out.
So well designed and added, those paw patterns.
This is the first of the
design details by papa.
Up next.
the next well-designed aspect.
There are also paw marks on my apron.
Added onto the apron, look at it.
Ah, they are really on there.
Really added the paw marks, so cute.
They are added. Though when I asked you guys to look at my bottom half,
I'm a little shy because of the short skirt.
Okay, they are on it.
Marks of paws, next.
Next, the shoes also give a wolf feel.
They are wolf-styled shoes, how?
Let's check them out!
Dalalalalalala
Oh, the pattern looks like claws, so cute!
Really like a wolf. so cute.
Ah, so many well thought-out details, thank you so much papa.
That are more details.
I want to tell you more.
Okay okay
There are laces all over my clothes.
And
The Hakama is a twist on the traditional school uniform.
Note: Hakama is a type of traditional Japanese skirt-like pants worn usually for martial art
It's a different take on the uniform I have been wearing.
And the necklace is designed base on sakura.
Let's do another close-up.
Can you see? Do you see?
Wow so big.
There's a sakura shape.
Ya, Papa really worked hard for this new outfit.
Ma, let's be honest.
Should I say there's a lot more to this outfit?
I mean, if I wear all of the accessories.
So this is with everything.
Let's show everyone the full body.
this is with all the accessories.
Then, there will be more new looks.
Cute right?
Ah, not this one, let's get Mr.Wolf back in here.
I'll go get changed again.
Wa, I'm getting eaten.
OK, thank you for waiting!
Right, let's go!
This is it. This
This is the look without any accessories.
Clang~
This is, this one looks like a normal kimono.
Look look
This guy is in the way
Look look
This is the feel.
So cute
OK, the Hakama is still the same, looks like a mini skirt.
Looks like a mini Hakama.
I keep on saying this, such beautiful outfit again. Thank you Papa!!!
I can take off my glasses.
The hairpiece is also removable.
And, also
Another thing.
Start from here
Also
Wait...
This is the version with my sleeves rolled up.
New year outfit with sleeves rolled up.
Gives out a lively feel, really cute.
Feel like I'm about to write some calligraphy.
This is it.
Yeah, really a lot of places, Papa worked hard on them.
For example I can also put on my glasses now.
Look
There are many like this.
Diligent works.. Papa really worked hard on this outfit.
Feel like I can go and play card games, like Hyakunin Isshu
Note: Ogura Hyakunin Isshu is a classical Japanese anthology of one hundred Japanese waka by one hundred poets. Hyakunin isshu can be translated to "one hundred people, one poem [each]"; it was made in to a card game which uses a deck composed of cards based on the Ogura Hyakunin Isshu.
Also, a lot of work went in to my glasses. This pair is really cute.
Want to show you.
These glasses
Look, this
There are red dots on the frame.
Isn't this cute?
It's really cute.
And then, another place I really like.
This one here.
This curled-up hair is really cute.
I really like this, and then
I mean, it really feels fresh with my bang to the side.
This side bang is cute.
Yeah.
I mean the previous new outfit...
The sportswear outfit. You all loved the glasses, so maybe that's why
Papa added glasses
I didn't specifically ask for it, but Papa still added glasses for me.
Also, I did say
that
I want a Japanese style maid costume.
Papa gave me so many removable accessories.
Also the rolled up sleeves version. I'm really happy!
Just now Mel-chan also worn glasses, like a literature girl.
Seems like it.
A literature girl.
Like a book girl team.
Glasses really are cute.
But I'm also cute without glasses right?
Look.
Looks lively.
Maid's feel.
What do you think?
It's nice right?
Does Kimono suit me?
Thank you!
Ah, (reading comments) be careful on your way to work!
Cute? My entire impression is different now.
This, I also like this ribbon.
I feel
Really
Gives a fresh feel with just a new hair style and outfit.
Ah, thanks for the lucky money.
[It fits you] I'm happy, thank you everyone.
[A different girl?] Do I look like someone else?
But I mean, all the other members' outfits are really cute.
There seems to be a lot of Kimono designs.
Looking fresh.
Thank you membership, also thanks for the lucky money.
I'm very happy to be called cute.
Looks a bit like a Japanese maid.
Although,
I can also change to the normal Kimono without the maid costume.
So, I have decided to wear this outfit during January.
Hope I get to stream more.
Ayame chan's new outfit is also cute.
I also like Suba-chan's new outfit, so cute.
This Taishō style design.
[You can switch outfits for different situation.] Well I can do that but...
But after this, after me, Fubuki will also..
and members other than Fubuki will reveal their new outfit.
The others' new outfit are all very cute.
It will be nice if you can go check them out.
Also, did you guys watch yesterday's year-crossing stream?
Really, I had lots of fun.
It's called "Looking Back, Moving Forward" right?
Fubuki channel: Rua
Puking out fur balls again, stop it!
I mean, Fubuki, after her new outfit stream.
Will be coming to my place wearing the new outfit.
With her fox legs.
Please rush here, I think foxes can run pretty fast so you'll be fine.
But Fubuki is a cat
Ah new member thank you
Member thank you, thank you for the lucky money.
ah, [Fubuki: Will run]
Hurry! Come and have Zoni.
Yeah
Yesterday, during the off-stream collab..

[Mio talks about card games and stuff for a while]

24:26 

Yesterday, with Okayu.
Actually Ayame chan came too.
With Okayu and Ayame
At noon, at lunchtime, went to..
Went to pray at the shrine for the first time of the year, the three of us.
And, then
We drew lots. Drew Kuji ("sacred lots").
Made a draw.
And my result was
least blessing.
What can I say? So I tied it to the rack for lots.
I mean, tied the lot to the rack, also bought an amulet.
But seriously for the first pray.
Really....
Was with Ayame-chan and Okayu.
We get along well so we were really having fun.
Well I mean, the words on that "least blessing" lot.
The first part was not good, but the last part was OK.
I think it says "Need to work hard at the beginning"
So I need to be careful of accidents at the beginning of the year.
Like getting hit by a car or something
Need to be careful.
That was it, I was so happy
Ah cars, be careful not to be hit by cars.
Be careful not to run into the traffic.
That's it.
There's about 3 mins left
I'll give some information.
Umm
The next hololive
New outfit.. of the stream series is
Miss. Shirakami Fubuki!
Will be streaming on her channel, and the link is in the description below.
You can go straight there with a click, go check it out.
That's it, remember to go there.
Please go check out her stream, hopefully she's done puking out fur balls.
Or maybe will reveal the outfit while puking out fur balls.
Please go cheer up for her!
[Happy new year] Happy New Year!
Thanks for the lucky money.
OK, this is it, after this.
I need to prepare for the next stream, and get the Zoni ready.
Thank you for watching!
About when the next stream is, I'll talk to Fubuki after she comes here.
I'll tweet about it later.
Either after we eat Zoni,
or before we eat Zoni.
I'm not sure about this.
I will make the Zoni as soon as I finish this stream.
OK, this is it, I stayed up late last night so my voice is a bit husky.
But I feel everyone will be like this.
OK, this is all of the New outfit reveal stream, thank you for watching!
For 2020, there's new outfit and the Toyosu Live.
Want to keep going forward with everyone by my side!
OK, so
Thank you very much for watching my new outfit reveal!
Otsu mio~~~
So, let's go make the Zoni!
